#BmnRoot
## Yaopeng's Contribution
I have mainly contributed to two parts: the geometry of the simulation and the analysis scripts. All of my contributions are located at "macro/". 

The simulation macro is "macro/run/run_sim_src.C". The way to run the simulation is "root -l -b -q run_sim_src.C". If you take a look at this macro, you'll find it reads "macro/run/geometry_run/geometry_src_run8.C" as the geometry inputs. All of my modifications on the geometry could be found there. The macros that generating the updated geometry root files are listed below:
macro/run/geometry_run/create_rootgeom_GEMS_Yaopeng.C
macro/run/geometry_run/create_rootgeom_CSC_Yaopeng.C
macro/run/geometry_run/create_rootgeom_TOF400_Yaopeng.C

The simulation needs the txt version of the generator files. There is an macro that reads the root version of input files and generates the txt version. It's "macro/run/Sim0/Abs_WF_10Mio.C" and it's header "macro/run/Sim0/Abs_WF_10Mio.h".

The analysis scripts are used to analyze the root files generated by the Geant simulation and reconstruct the physics variables. The one we used for the final QE data-sim comparison is "macro/run/Sim0/Read_srcsim_Abs_WF_10Mio.C" and it's header "macro/run/Sim0/Read_srcsim_Abs_WF_10Mio.h". The analysis scripts also generate the root files containing histograms and QE tree. The way to run this macro is "root -l -b -q Plot_Abs_WF_10Mio.C".

Please contact me through yaopeng@jlab.org if you have any questions.

## Framework
The BmnRoot software for the BM@N experiment (official [web site](https://bmn.jinr.ru)) at the NICA facilty (JINR, Dubna) is based on the [ROOT](https://root.cern.ch) environment and object-oriented framework [FairRoot](https://github.com/FairRootGroup/FairRoot) and provides a powerful tool for BM@N detector performance studies, development of algorithms for simulation, reconstruction and physics analysis of the data.

## Installation
You can find BmnRoot installation manual at the following link:
https://bmn.jinr.ru/software-installation/

## Start Guide
BmnRoot Start Guide is also located at the BM@N web site [here](https://bmn.jinr.ru/plug/BmnRoot.%20Start%20Guide.pdf). 

